hi there YouTube basically I've just
come back to runescape after having a
very long break and I'm talking about
her of years and one of the first things
that I noticed when I logged on to my
account was I have no 99 s now I've been
thinking about making YouTube videos for
a while now that can range from guides
to V logs to all sorts of things so what
I did was while I was achieving my first
99 which if I turmeric actor and you'll
see was magic I thought that I would
share with you guys my method to getting
to 99 magic and that was actually al
King from the grand exchange without
losing any money at all so in fact I
actually made a profit from this and
depending on what you out and in what
quantities you can make small amounts to
quite large amounts of profit from doing
this now let's just go through the
fundamentals Val king i'm sure you all
know and i'm going to bore you but i'm
just going to go ahead but anyway in
case we put down to out you need nature
UNS by runes and an item to out
obviously now every out item Ike's ALKS
for a set price and basically the way
you've got to do it is you've got to try
and get that item to alch for more than
the cost of your fire wounds you need
two rooms and the item itself so now the
way of minimizing costs as you can see
i'm wielding a mystic lava battle staff
which is there that gives me free fire
runes any staff that gives you free fire
ins will do it just eliminates the need
to buy five rooms basically so once
you've got that and you're all ready to
go oh and just to add in all so now
you've got the evolution of combat I'll
you have this task bar here or action
bar whatever you want to call it and you
can very easily just slot in the high
alchemy skill there and that means you
can just hit a key and then click on
whatever you want to a cake sit very
easy to do now so anyway when you've got
everything set up and you're all ready
to go you just go on to this website
here
which is runescape wikia com forward
slash wiki forward slash grand exchange
market watch /al came-- that link will
be posted below the video so don't worry
don't have to remember it basically when
you come on to this page you'll be
greeted with something like this now
this is so helpful in the fact that it
has what item to alch how much it is
currently in the grand exchange how much
it high outs for the profit you will
actually make from it the percentage of
profit the limit if that applies for you
the amount of profit you can make from
the limit if the limit still applies for
you and whether or not it is a members
item or not now not only does it have
the prices of items and stuff it also
has the price of nature un's currently
since 113 coins now the prices were both
the items and the Nietzscheans can
sometimes be a little bit outdated but
never drastically it's always like
trailing the day or so behind or
something like that it's nothing too bad
and you can still work out profit
margins from it by using this as a rough
guide but if you click this little icon
here it brings up this full table and
from this table you can see when items
were actually last date updated so you
can see the best items to out and
whether the price would be the same at
the end of the day it's not going to
kill you just to put in adamant to hate
sword into the grand exchange and see if
the price is the same just make sure you
check that so you don't get caught out
and end up losing money now basically
you go in here and you find an item I'm
going to do an example with granite
platelegs so if we just scroll down to
the geez due to do there we are what I'm
not platelegs to granite Lex there you
go so on the ground exchange currently
they are 330 9018 GP they hi out for 39
thousand six hundred and you make 469 GP
profit 469
no members only item as you know and all
that fun stuff now to prevent us from
having to wait for the items to buy they
don't usually take very long but I
didn't want to sit here at five minutes
on the video I have pre bought the items
ready so if we come here into my grand
exchange you will see the price is
39,000 18gp which is previously said and
nature in price of a 113 GP each so we
take both of those now if we come back
out here i can now even demonstrate
using the taskbar not let you need me to
book so if we have game on right now I
click my hotkey i can click straight
onto my granite legs go I've got 65 65
experience and then 39 thousand six
hundred coins have been added to my
money pouch and as you see here it did
actually say 39 thousand six hundred and
like I said this thing is constantly
updated it never goes out of date so you
can use it as much as you one don't get
discouraged if an item doesn't buy
straight away because I mean all right
it can take a while for some particular
items to buy but if you think about it
if you have the item there already like
if you've gone off and done something
that's bought you can be high outing
while other items are buying so just put
it in there if it doesn't buy walk off
and start talking and then you'll be
constantly al King and if you carry on
the way you do you can end up doing
quite a cool skill amote like mine there
you go you'll be doing your twirls in no
time so thank you for watching my video
I hope you enjoyed it I hope you learn
from it and don't forget to subscribe
because they're going to be a lot more
guides maybe some comedy videos I don't
know yet your suggestions are always
welcome message maybe your runescape
video suggestions
there's gonna be a lot more videos
anyway so subscribe and happy al King